# HouseHoldService
Household Services Application - V2

Mervin Joseph L (21f3001647)

It is a multi-user app (requires one admin and other service professionals/ customers)
which acts as platform for providing comprehensive home servicing and solutions.

Frameworks used:

• SQLite for data storage
• Flask for API
• VueJS for UI
• Jinja2 templates
• Bootstrap
• SQLite for database
• Redis for caching
• Redis and Celery for batch jobs

Roles And Functionalities:

Admin:

This Role is the supreme user he has the control over the entire
application he can make a login directly and he can create, edit, delete a service.
He also has the control over the service provider by accepting or rejecting the
service provider once he makes a login and He will be monitoring the existing
service request. He also can make a search based on the status and date of
registration for the service request. He also has a dashboard to view the data
graphically.

Service Request:

This Role is used for applying for the service created by the Admin. After
the approval from the admin, he will be appearing for the user. When ever the
user makes a service request, this role has the access to accept or reject the
service request. He will be logging in and accept/reject the service request that
Based on his availability. Which will be recorded in his history. If he accepts and
works and completion, he will be given the rating based on his work which will
be displayed to him. He can search for the history of service request based on
the date_of_request, status, pin code of the user. He will be having a chart of the
ratings he got and the work item status charts.

User:

The User in this role can make a signup and he will be having the access to
see what all the services available by clicking on the service. He will be viewing
the list of service provider so he can book an appointment for that service that
will be added on his history. After the work is completed, he will be closing the
service request by filling out the feed back form. He can search on history with
the date of register, status. He also has a summary tab which has the view of the
service request status graph.

Backend Jobs:

▪ There is a monthly report sent to the user on his email via Mail Hog
▪ If the service request status is pending for the Service provider that
will be sent to the service provider email on daily evening
▪ The Report can be generated by the admin about service requests

Video URL:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VtJtcfYBeCBCh40OpnR2Kiv4NIGwF5bn/view


Conclusion:

The Application for the client - service provider for making the service request had
been implemented successfully.
